hey guys what's up check this on the
coop dawn oh bloody Tony I've done a
Britney I've done a Britney I'll tell
you what make a shave I shaved my back
as earlier I need a three Drano blockers
my it's an absolute right off but it's
for China Inari this it's for Chani like
a boiled egg because I absolutely love
eggs hey from now on yeah you local
called me chop ODG hey how's your how's
your China he starts going guys
oh yeah just beer just made a ppl
24-hour television a marathon challenge
we made a little tweak though because
this sort of original version was a bit
long
yeah because obviously we need to like
piss and eat the boots and grind our
official 24 hours watching telly blends
in a pissing and sleeping marathon more
realistic in it yeah oh and it's for
charity
exactly so you owe me that's so generous
of you guys honestly Stevie how about
you mate how's the baked bean bath
marathon going see what you like yeah I
think nobody baked beans so I just used
what I had in the cupboard so it's just
silver chopped tomatoes and shreddies
challenge and but yeah it'd go really
well Matt you're not you're not fully
naked in there all you mate well if
you've got chopped tomatoes yeah yeah
people go nuts for those donor
Morrison's yeah come on don't be
wasteful all right you're gonna have to
scrape it off my make look polonaise a
little pasta sauce you can use this red
eases croutons right so yeah wait it's
not what want you know as they say how
much I'm saying right what do you mean
raise cash how much money donated for us
- nobody's mad stunt I'll put myself on
the limit was I supposed to set this up
barman don't any fish you meant
sit up like a pager wherever side people
sponsor us it may not with my tax record
I can't get involved anything officially
with money you know I mean the
government would absolutely eat my ass
off what so this is all been a waste of
time no well no space no matter what a
Dean bad done you know I mean I plus up
mr. faces guys I really miss that well
we must carry on base in its pops off
the rest of the series all right can I
stop no my best that you carry on cuz
otherwise you're wasting food and yeah
all right sweet boys so just stick your
finger in we never get paid fish beach
ready on three okay three three two one
I love place of the Sun Oh Freddie's in
tomorrow's actually goes that was
created as part of the big night end we
hope you enjoyed it
we also hope that if you possibly can
you can follow the link and make a
donation right now up and down the
united kingdom charities are providing
urgent help to people who really need it
most
so she got a couple of quid bonging in
please help
thank you